It's the month of June.
Happy new months.
Whether you like it or not, we are almost halfway through the end of the year.
Hallelujah.
We just want to welcome everyone that is here today.
And we want to welcome the Holy Spirit, the presence of the Holy Spirit.
Lord, we welcome you to our midst.
We ask for God that you accept our praises, this money.
Accept our thank you, this money.
You and Lord, Lord, I want it to be praise.
Let's rise up as we praise the name of the Lord, it's funny.
Let's ask Him to arise in the midst of our praises.
Just begin to ask the Lord, I rise in the midst of my praise this morning.
It's not just the usual Sunday morning.
I rise in the midst of my praises this morning.
Just begin to ask that of the Lord, it's funny.
Hallelujah.
you know if you have not seen them
say I want to welcome everyone.
It's such a beautiful day.
We had a lot of rain throughout the week, but it's a beautiful day today.
Amen.
First, I want to welcome everyone to Brea Temple International Church, we're a church of all nations, and we want to welcome our visitors and any guests that haven't been here in a while, we say thank you for coming.
And what we want to do is at the end of service, if you would meet over here at our connection center, we have just a small gift to give you by way of just saying, thank you for coming and worshiping with us.
Also our restrooms are located in the back of the sanctuary or they are down the hallway to the left.
Usually this is when I say we shake hands, but we're not doing that now.
Just a few things.
We're going to go ahead and do our ties and offerings.
And while we're doing that, we're going to have our announcement video, maybe, hopefully.
But to announce also, any nursery workers that are in here, don't forget that right after service meet in the nursery, we just want to have a quick meeting just to kind of check up and just talk about a few things.
So we're going to go ahead and get ready for our ties and offerings.
So if our ushers would go ahead and get ready.
While we're doing that, June, the first Sunday and June is our mission spotlight, our mission's time.
And this is where we ask that outside of your regular ties and offerings that you would also would like to give towards missions, just include that on the envelope and we'll make sure it gets there.
We do have several missionaries that we support.
throughout the world and you know missionaries they they give they they give not only their lives but their their families and all kinds of things they sacrifice so they can bring the work to to the lost.
I know here recently some of you may have known but about a week ago or so we had
not us personally, but there was a missionary couple that are independent missionaries, but they are connected to our assemblies of God as well.
They were just missionaries to Haiti and you would think, oh, okay, Haiti, not a big deal.
You know, we are not promised at our next breath.
It doesn't matter where we are, whether we're here at home or on a mission field, we're not promised the next day.
or not even promised in the next five minutes.
And that family, that young family sacrificed.
They went, they were sharing the love of Jesus to the lost.
And they lost their lives.
In Haiti, there was a gang that entered their orphanage, looted everything and killed them and burned the building down.
So if you would remember that family,
but also that ministry.
That's in Haiti.
So we just wanna remember them, but just remember all missionaries.
There are good, awesome stories out there, but there are awesome missionaries that had to sacrifice their life for him.
So let's go ahead and pray.
Father, we thank you for today.
We thank you for another day of life.
We thank you that we are here to bring love and life
to a lost and dying world.
Father, I just pray that you would bless each and every person today.
I pray you would bless the gifts that they are giving to you, Lord, that as we give it to you, we give it to you with a whole heart, a worshipful heart, Lord, uses to your glory.
Lord, we pray for the missionaries, Lord, that are on the fields that are working for you.
Lord, we ask for a hedge of protection to be around them, Lord.
as they have given up so much to be there, to just connect with people and to show your love, Father.
Lord, we thank You, and we praise You, and it's in the mighty name of Jesus, we pray.
Amen.
Now we should have a video.
So we don't know when it's done.
I was like, is it done?
All right, let's rise up as we continue in our worship for today.
God has been so worthy.
Let's begin to just thank God for all that he has done.
God has been so good to us.
If you can think back to where you were, January 1st.
Just look through January, February, March, April.
May and now we are in the month of June and don't begin to think of all the things that God has done for you.
Just begin to reflect back and if you have nothing to say, just say thank you Lord.
Thank you Lord.
I have nothing to give but my worship.
I have nothing to give but my praise.
And the Bible says, sick ye first, the kingdom of God.
And all these things will be added onto you.
Some of us have taken so much time trying to hustle and hustle, walk near and die.
Today's devotion to this money was about rest.
How God created the world in six days, and on the seventh day he rested.
And I think that word was for me.
Because all through the week it's been work, work, work, work.
It was my time to testify.
You're still working, my kids, you're still working, work, work, work.
We are hustling and hustling, working, working day at night.
What the Bible says, seek ye first, the kingdom.
And what happens is goodness is going to come after you.
In spite of all of our stuff, in spite of all the things that we have, life ups and downs, the trials, the tribulations, the difficulties, the fights, that God is still seeking after us.
As we seek him, he's going, look, if you'll just step toward me, I'll reach my right, just right hand out.
And I'll pursue you.
And I'll hold you.
And I'll keep you.
through all of it.
Amen?
So, this is our final in our, we started off our, we are series who are we as a church.
We started off with the fact that we are A.G. We are an assemblies of God, general counsel, church.
And what does that mean?
Means that there are 16 fundamental truths that we hold
to kind of be our foundational core doctrines, our core beliefs, and there have been all kinds of messages from all four of us that have shared with you who have said, hey, this is what we believe, and now we're down to the last one.
We're down to number 16.
And we have built all this up and I believe that there's some intention or intention by our assemblies of God forefathers when they put these down, that today's topic is
the last one, the last of the 16 fundamental truths.
And as we've done this, I pray that you've picked up little nuggets of wisdom that you can take with you through your spiritual journey, things that you can share with your family, with your friends, things that maybe you didn't know, or maybe things you did know, and you went, oh yeah, I need to hold on to that, because that's something that's important for me.
And as we dive into this last truth, I want you to imagine with me for a moment,
a world where everything old is made new.
So all senior, think about it for a moment, those who are in their senior citizen years, fresh new bodies that don't hurt when you lift your arms or when you bend over to pick something up, your knees don't ache, everything old is made new.
Think of a caterpillar that transforms into a beautiful butterfly.
That metamorphosis that changes from this fuzzy little yucky insect into a beautiful butterfly that we build whole museums to house and let them fly around and just so people can pay money to come and observe them.
See, this is the kind of mirror, this is the kind of transformation that mirrors God's promise for our future.
And so as our last fundamental truth puts it, our last one is a new heavens and a new earth.
If you have your Bibles, if you want to turn, of course, it's always going to be on the screen.
Isaiah chapter 65 and verse 17 captures this hope.
the best, I think, and it says this.
It says, look, I am creating new heavens and new earth.
No one will even think about the old ones anymore.
That's pretty succinct and it's pretty direct.
If you go pastor, I just don't understand the Bible.
It's so hard when I sit down and try to read it.
I think this is pretty straightforward.
He says, I'm going.
I'm creating a new heaven and a new earth.
And the reality is, you're not even gonna remember the old one.
You're not even gonna think about the old one.
What happens when we get something new?
We get a new car and it's got all the bells and whistles.
Used to remember, put the key in, pump it a few times, crank it, wouldn't start.
Not too many, you fly the engine, right?
Finally, turn it,
Now you get in your car, you sit down, you buckle up, push the button, it just starts.
You even care about the old one that you used to have to sit there.
It's not even a thought anymore.
Because the new one is so much far superior, so much far greater.
And he says, you're not even gonna think about the old heaven, the old earth any longer.
So here's what we're gonna do, we're gonna spend our time together exploring this promise, that he's gonna build a new heavens and a new earth.
We're gonna look at the current state of our world, messed up, scarred, dented, ugly by sin, and we're gonna contrast that against the glorious future that God has planned for us.
We're gonna dive into the process of renewal as described in Second Peter.
You don't have to turn there, just a reference point if you like.
where the heavens will disappear with a roar and the element will be destroyed, the elements will be destroyed by fire.
And then finally, we're going to envision our future home, the New Jerusalem, a place of unimaginable beauty and eternal joy.
I think there's intention in this being the last fundamental truth that we look at, because this is the last thing our eyes are going to ever see.
It's a renewed, complete, perfect place.
for us to live forever.
Now listen, I want you to understand, while yes, these topics that we've gone through for these 16 studies are theological, this lesson is not just about theology, it's goal, it's plan, it's purpose at the end of today is for you to be thinking about living with joy and hope.
It's not to give you a theological understanding, although I hope it does,
But it's to give you hope.
It's to give you joy and something to look forward to students in particular.
This is one of those areas.
This is one of those messages where I think it's gonna be easy for you to tune out and turn off and go pastors getting into some stuff I don't really care about.
But the reality is everything we teach you, your mom, your dad, your pastors, is culminated in this.
the fact that we get to live with Jesus.
We get to live with the Father forever and ever.
And so if you can get this, if you can lock into this now, I think it's gonna save you a whole lot of grief in the future.
When you understand that our future is about hope and joy, it's about letting the promise of a new creation transform who we are, changing us from the inside out,
So I want you to keep your eyes and your hearts open.
I want you to see what God really does heaven's store for us and why this is so fundamental to what we believe.
So the first thing I want us to do is I want us to understand the present heavens and earth.
So let's start by taking a closer look at the world around us.
The skies, the stars, everything that we see in the heavens, not in heaven, but the heavens, the expanse, whether it's the Hubble
space telescope or whatever that new one is called that can take all the farther away pictures however you see it the northern lights I used to be one I would go back when when I was a kid and we had a backyard I would go out into the backyard and I'd lay in the grass and I'd just stare up and I loved constellations I loved looking at the stars I loved trying to figure out where the big dipper was and the little dipper and all of those things just seeing
the way that they were created.
When we think about how God created us, when we think about creation in itself, this could jump us off into a whole nother topic about intelligent design versus just accidental creation.
But we know that there is a God who placed every star in the sky.
He placed every grain of sand on the shore.
He placed every hair on your head.
Bible gives us a detailed perspective on the current heavens and the new earth, and the current heavens and the current earth.
If you look at Genesis chapter one, verses 14 to 18, we read about the creation and how this came about.
It says, and then God said,
Let lights appear in the sky to separate the day from the night.
Let them be signs to mark the seasons, days, and years.
Let these lights in the sky shine down on the earth.
This is what happened.
God made two great lights.
The larger one to govern the day and the smaller one to govern the night.
He also made the stars.
God set these lights in the sky to light the earth, to govern the day and night, and to separate the light from the darkness.
And God saw that it was good.
Sorry, I guess I should have advanced to that.
I believe it there.
But then if we look a little bit farther, if we go down into the book of Daniel and look at chapter 7 and verse 13, it says, as my vision continued that night, I saw someone like a son of man coming with the clouds of heaven.
He approached the ancient one and was led into his presence.
When we see references like this, it's important that we understand, and I'm not gonna preach on this today, but we have talked many times about seeing Jesus in the Old Testament and seeing the references, and this is one of those opportunities that we have to see that Jesus is not something new.
Jesus is just the name that we give to God who came in human form, but of course he existed
in the Old Testament and he came and he walked among his people.
So what has sin done to our world?
What has sin done to our earth?
See, there was a day when he spoke it into existence and the garden of Eden came up out of the ground and the animals were placed on it and people were created and two were placed in the garden and there was this perfection that God had spoke into existence.
And it didn't take us very long, did it?
We don't really know how long it doesn't give us on day three or on day five or week two or whatever.
But for however long it took, that perfect creation didn't remain unspoiled.
Romans 8, Romans 8 verses 20 and 22 through 22 tells us that against its will, all creation was subjected to God's curse.
But with eager hope, the creation looks forward to the day when it will join God's children in the glorious freedom from death and decay.
For we know that not all creation has been groaning as in the pains of childbirth right up to the present time.
These verses give us a glimpse, a highlight that the earth and the heavens are in a state of decay and groaning and longing for renewal.
If we were to leave the planet alone, if the impact of humans were to be zero, the ground would reproduce all of its natural resources, those that it could.
But when we introduce sin into
the world, suffering, and imperfection then comes into what God originally planned for perfection in his creation.
This gives us a kind of a reference point or an example, if you will, of the fact that everything that we see, including us, is temporary.
All of this will one day pass away.
All of this will one day die and decay.
This body, while beating heart, breathing lungs today, will one day stop.
If the Lord doesn't tear, and it will decay.
That's stark reality.
And then one day it will be made new.
One day, I'll be in the presence of my Savior, and I will be made new into a perfect body, into a perfect being that will be able to worship Him forever and ever and ever.
See, if we can understand kind of the current state, if we can understand where the heavens and the earth are, it sets the stage for appreciating the profound transformation that God's promised.
So what does God promised?
Our world, even though it's beautiful.
I mean, have you ever been to Niagara Falls?
Have you ever seen the Grand Canyon?
Have you ever seen the beauty of Yellowstone?
Have you ever seen, walked through the Mark Twain National Forest?
If you haven't, put those on your bucket list, if you will.
Put those on the list of things that you need to do before God calls you home.
But even in the midst of all of the death and decay, there's hope.
See, God's plan includes a renewal that goes beyond just simple repair.
He's not just simply going to replant trees or he's not simply going to heal a divided crevice or crater or whatever you want to call those.
But it's a promise of a new creation where everything will be made right.
Everything will be made right.
That should entice you.
That should get you excited because there is a day coming that we get to be new.
The second thing I want us to look at is the process of renewal.
So here's something else I want us to think about.
When we think about nature, when we think about the way that things are out and about,
There is an opportunity for fire, yes?
There is an opportunity for earthquake.
In our neck of the woods, we would, there would say there's an opportunity for tornadoes.
And a tornado swept through Joplin.
We read a church basketball game.
We had set up for the church to rent out a gymnasium for the evening.
And we were having fun, and there were snacks, and the kids and the youth were playing basketball, and the old guys were trying to keep up, and we were clenching our chests, and we weren't able to keep up.
And then all of a sudden, the alarm went off.
And we were in the town of Willard.
Well, Willard is about an hour drive from Joplin.
And they said, hey, you know what?
We need to bunker down.
There's tornado warning headed our way.
We didn't know at the time the magnitude of the earthquake or the tornado that was coming through.
And if you remember how bad it was an EF5, as bad, just about as bad as they get, that just about leveled the town.
And a few months later, after we had ended, by the time it got to Willard, it had pretty well dissipated.
It was just wind and rain and things, but it was sent to everybody home.
We drove through Joplin about six months later and you could look and you could see the ground and the path that the tornado had taken through the town.
You can visually follow it with your eyes because it completely destroyed everything.
It was just dirt as if the ground had just reset itself.
But then what happens?
What happens in a devastating fire when it just completely burns out all of the nature, all of the foliage, all of the stuff?
Over time, new growth emerged.
New seeds, the squirrels carried seed, the animals, the birds carried seed, and it landed across the part that the tornado had completely devastated.
And new growth came up.
And new plants.
And then builders came in and developers came in and they built new buildings and they built new shopping centers and new restaurants and things that were on the ground where those places that the tornado had hit.
And life in that spot, life in the strip that the tornado did all the damage is more vibrant than it ever was before.
The old buildings, it really needed to probably be torn down
in the mix of some of the newer ones, now have a new chance for new space.
And God promises us a new heavens and a new earth.
It's this kind of power that we're talking about, a complete destroying of this old place and a complete renewal.
This renewal though, when we talk about renewing something,
It's not just like, okay, we're going to freshen up a sponge when we pour water on an old dry sponge.
It's dramatic and it's thorough in its cleansing.
Look at 2 Peter chapter 3 verses 10 to 12.
If you'll advance the slides through each one, please.
But the day of the Lord will come as unexpectedly as a thief, then the heavens will pass away with a terrible noise, and the very elements themselves will disappear in fire, and the earth and everything on it will be found to deserve judgment."
It's pretty harsh, would you not say?
Since everything around us is going to be destroyed like this, doesn't say might, it says,
Since it is going to be destroyed like this, what holy and godly lives you should live looking forward to the day of God and hurrying it along on the day that he will set the heavens on fire and the elements will melt away in the flames.
Think about that.
Think about where are my science geeks?
Where are my science people?
All the elements
periodic table, think about that, and all of the everything that creates who we are, every mineral, every acid, every base, everything that we know of, to melt away, to be destroyed by fire, to be completely wiped away, to be completely cleansed, the term to disappear and destroy indicate a complete and thorough transformation.
I could go down into the Greek, I'll save you the
head stuff with that.
But it simply means to pass away or to come to an end or to disappear.
This is used in Matthew 24, 35, where it says that the heavens and the earth will pass away, but my words will never pass away.
He's saying, heaven's earth is just nothing.
Similarly, there's a reference in the book of Acts describing a ship breaking apart.
And this symbolizes the destruction and dissolution
This coming apart at the seams, if you will.
You ever watch the movie and they do the science fiction and they shoot the ray gun and the person standing there and they get shot and they just dissolve into atoms and they're just gone.
There's no gore, there's no bloody or anything like that, the just person just, that's the picture, if you will, of what we're talking about.
Now I do want to,
Take a moment and I want us to look at transformation versus annihilation.
There's a theological debate about whether this renewal means a complete annihilation or a transformation of the current creation.
Some believe the current heavens and earth will be entirely destroyed and replaced with new ones, while others see it as a renewal or a renovation.
How do we as good students of God's word?
How do we resolve this?
We go to the Bible, right?
So look at Revelation chapter 21 and verse one.
And then I saw a new heaven and a new earth for the old heaven and the old earth had disappeared.
So which one would that might indicate a replacement?
And the sea was also gone.
This supports that idea of a new creation.
However, Matthew chapter 5 and verse 18 says, I tell you the truth until the heavens and earth disappear, not even the smallest detail of God's law will disappear until its purpose is achieved.
In this, when we talk about the word new, it's used two times.
It's used in 2 Corinthians chapter 5 and verse 17 and it's in Galatians chapter 6 and verse 15.
when for our new nature implies something brand new, yet retaining its identity.
So there is a dual meaning of newness, a fresh creation, and a transformed one.
This aligns with how God can renew us, making us a new creation in Christ while retaining who we are.
So when we came to Christ, we did not, anybody Star Trek fan?
Okay?
We did not transporter disappear, right?
He simply said, you are now.
So you are transformed.
You are renewed.
You were not replaced and then reconstructed.
So it's not about destruction, but about transformation and purification.
Number three.
living in the new creation.
Don't you imagine with me one last time?
Imagine going on a trip, okay?
You're gonna get in your car and you're gonna go, let's just pick Columbia, Missouri.
I don't know why there's something there.
You wanna go to the river, you wanna go to a restaurant or something, and you leave.
And you're like, I'm just gonna go for a couple of days, and we're gonna drive back.
And you come back, and as you, you're coming across 70, and it splits right into 60, 70 and 64, and you're like, well, you know what, I'm coming down by the church, so I'm gonna take the 64.
And as you're driving in, all of a sudden there's a change, it's visible.
And the city of St. Louis is no longer
what it looked like when you left.
But the roads begin to change into this brilliant yellow.
The buildings begin to shine white with tall spires and columns and beautiful stone and beautiful jade and amethyst and all these other things that you would put value on.
And all of a sudden, there's no really, there's no sun in the sky, there's just light.
And as you begin to move closer into the heart of the city, you're realizing there's a change in sight of you.
And then it clicks.
God's returned.
And I'm not driving into St. Louis anymore.
But God has called me home.
And now I sit in a breathtaking vision of the new city that He has prepared for me.
And we're now home.
We're now in the presence of the Almighty God.
Now how we got there, whether the rapture has come or something happened on the road that you're not aware of, and now you're just here.
But we now exist, we now live.
We have entered into the new Jerusalem.
Look at Revelation chapter 21, verses two to four.
And if you'll advance the slides again for me,
As I saw, and I saw the holy city, the new Jerusalem, coming down from God out of heaven, like a bride, beautifully dressed for her husband.
I heard a loud shout from the throne saying, look, God's home is now among his people.
He will live with them and they will be his people.
God himself will be with them.
He will wipe every tear from their eyes and there will be no more death or sorrow or crying or pain.
All these things are gone.
forever.
See the new Jerusalem with its astonishing dimensions.
You can see this in verse 16 if you were to in your Bibles go down a little bit.
It's described as a cube.
What's a cube?
It's same on all three dimensions.
of about 1,380 miles in height, in width, and in depth.
Let me give you a reference point for that.
That's about half of the United States.
So the way I used to do this, now this means nothing to you because you're not from my hometown.
But the distance from Springfield, Missouri to my hometown was almost exactly 1,382 miles.
So for me, it was always referenced, it was from Springfield to Bakersfield.
Well, Bakersfield's almost to the coast.
And this is a city that is a cube.
So basically, half of the United States, if you want to have a reference point for how big.
Now, why is it a cube?
If you go back, put up the picture of 0.3, please, living in the New Jerusalem.
If you'll look at this picture, this is a picture of the holy of holies in the temple.
So you have all of the different courts, and we won't go into that.
That's a study for another day.
If you have not studied that, it's a fascinating study.
But this particular part, when they talk about going into the holy of holies, used to, there was a curtain that kind of separated.
Now there's just the building, and you would enter into that door, and then there's a curtain and all of that that separates, and that's the place that God lived.
When we have a picture of the new Jerusalem,
And the new city, it is this picture.
This is roughly the image that is being portrayed.
It is the temple.
And it is a picture of the holiest place or the holy of holies and the new Jerusalem being a place of perfect holiness and beauty.
The city walls adorned with precious stones and inscribed with the names of the 12 tribes and the apostles.
This symbolizes the unity of Israel
and the church.
And this new creation that we're gonna have, the pains and sorrows of our current world will be no more.
If you'll look at Isaiah chapter 25 and verse eight, he will swallow up death forever.
Say forever.
The sovereign Lord will wipe away all tears, say all tears.
He will remove foreverals, insults, and mockery against his land and people.
The Lord has spoken.
Furthermore, if you look at 1 Corinthians 15 and verse 54, says, then when our dying bodies have been transformed into bodies that will never die, this scripture will be fulfilled.
And it says that death is swallowed up.
in victory.
This is an opportunity for us to understand and to see what we have to look forward to.
As we close the promise of a new heaven and a new earth is a place where beauty is beyond anything that you can conceive.
A place where God's presence is tangible and eternal.
It is greater than the most beautiful place that you have ever seen.
It is more gorgeous than a breathtaking sunset, a serene beach, or a vibrant forest.
Here's where rubber meets the road, and I'm gonna hit on this for just a moment.
For many of us,
This is such a complex concept that we tend to just kind of turn it off and go, well, I'll figure it out one day.
I'll understand it, have the old song go, we'll understand it, better by and by.
Okay?
But the reality is, I want to encourage you to spend some time thinking
about the fact that there is a replacement.
There is a new heaven and a new earth that is coming.
Students, I know this, this seems so far off and seems so far out there, but I can't tell you, I cannot urge you enough to help you understand how close to the edge we are to living in a new heaven and a new earth.
and as Sister Leticia pointed out, there is no promise for tomorrow.
That young missionary couple in Haiti, their parents were assemblies of God missionaries, his parents were assemblies of God missionaries, they were not officially missionaries, the parents had gone left just the day before to fly back to Oklahoma for a trip and the kids were supposed, the two kids, it was in their early 20s, he had grown up on the mission field, they had recently been married,
And they went back to work in the orphanage that he grew up with his parents helping.
And they said, no, dad, they were all going to go.
And they said, no, we'll stay back.
We'll take care of the orphanage.
And then when you guys come back in two weeks, we'll go home and we'll have our break.
And not just 24, 48 hours later, the Lord called them home.
They didn't get to live out their marriage.
They didn't get to have children.
They didn't get to have, even to my knowledge, very many, if any, anniversaries, because we're not promised tomorrow.
What we are promised is that one day he will call us home and we will live for him in a perfected body, in a perfected city, in the new Jerusalem.
And this is what our hope is.
And while yes having nice things today, while yes having a nice car or a nice house or money or nice clothes or whatever it is that you put personal value in is wonderful.
There is a place that is so far grander than anything you can imagine if you'll only allow God to believe the Lord of your life.
I want to leave you with one last passage and then we're going to pray.
2 Peter chapter 3 and verse 11, we had read part of it earlier, says, since everything around us is going to be destroyed like this, what holy and godly lives you should live.
So friends, physically here, watching online, since everything around us is going to be destroyed,
Since everything you see, touch, taste, smell is one day gonna pass away.
Why not live holy and godly lives to ensure that the life that you are offered is available to you?
Let's pray.
Father, we thank you for the opportunity to come into your home, to come into this place of worship,
to sing praises, to raise our voices, to offer prayers, to hear your word.
But Father, we ask, if there be any wicked way in us, anything that would separate us from an eternal life with you, Lord, we pray that you would forgive us of our sins.
Father, we ask that you would make me Lord of our lives, that we would live with you forever in the New Jerusalem.
Every head bowed and every eye closed.
There's anybody here that would say, Pastor, I've not made a decision for Christ.
I am not guaranteed that New Jerusalem home.
And I need to make today the day.
If you're watching online, reach out.
Our online pastor will be happy to visit with you.
If you're here in person, in just a moment our worship team is gonna play our closing song and we would love to pray with you.
If you're a believer and you have things in your life that you need to lay back down in the altar, you need to give those up, you need to give those back to God.
Because you've let things get in the way, you've let stuff get in the way, then we would encourage you to come.
and just spend some time and work.
Father, I pray for those that are going to come during our time.
If there be anybody who needs, we ask that you would touch them today.
It's in the precious name of Jesus, we pray.
Amen.
Do you have one quick announcement?
Don't forget about the nursery worker.
If you are a nursery worker or you would like to be a nursery worker, please see Sister Leticia.
I believe you guys are going to meet in the nursery or down here at the annex.
I'm not sure.
But men, men of the church, if you would hang out for just about five minutes,
in the front.
Just a couple of quick announcements we want to share with you and then we'll dismiss you.
So men here, ladies, nursery workers, C-Sister Latisha, Lord bless you and keep you.
Have a blessed week and we will see you at prayer meeting on Wednesday.
Amen.